in pursuing high performance computing I've worked for about seven years
with Lockheed Martin and then I've works of some twenty twenty five
years since then and academia I would have to say I prefer academia
because academia yeah is more focused on ideas and less focused on
money I am greeted not by how much money I make or how much money
and bring in for what kind of publications are publishing what can ideas
I have what I can tribute and I enjoy that more than having to
grind out everything in a way that makes money my experience in the
private sector was some of the things we did they were illegal and probably
where even though that's cool but they were certainly money
grubbing and that didn't sit well with me are there others who are more
entrepreneurial who like that kind of challenge how can I make money
out of this and they would be more happy with private sector than
I am